---
thumbnail: "/assets/blogimages/tumblr_nr5luqxza81svrh8zo2_540.jpg"
layout: post
title: flu
date: 2018-03-12 04:01:05.000000000 +07:00
type: post
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: [writing]
tags: []
meta:
  timeline_notification: '1520827267'
  _rest_api_published: '1'
  _rest_api_client_id: "-1"
  _publicize_job_id: '15631455063'
author:
  login: tuyendang2050
  email: Tuyendang2050@gmail.com
  display_name: tuyendang2050
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
---
Sometimes you find yourself trying to let go of something.


But it's like, you have been swimming on the ocean for a very very long time. Until that you feel like you belong there, you are one with the waves or the warmth of the water. And your body moves in sync with the ocean.


You swim around, just trying to stay afloat, but you get tired and you start to drown. And you swim back to land, when you get there you just feel so heavy because you lost touch with gravity for so long


So, you collapse on the beach as you try to find balance, that moment, your feet find gravity again.  So, you stand up there and look at the horizon (one last time),


you realized that no matter how beautiful the sea was, how good it made you feel.


But it was never yours to keep.


Somedays you'll miss it, you know, and you feel yourself moving with the waves and you dream of diving in, then you realize your feet were meant for land. But you do not cut out for the ocean, maybe you're meant to climb trees or hike hills, or just run really fast.


Letting go is not easy, there's nothing quite like swimming in the ocean, just like how it's natural for your feet to find gravity. It's natural for you to let go, and find your true purpose in life again.





The sea is the sea


And you are just you, I have to let go. But sometimes I find myself waking up at the beach again.
